feat: add pytest as regression manager for cocotb (#5090)
cocotb/cocotb: docs/source/newsfragments/5090.feature.rst

> Added :py:mod:`cocotb_tools.pytest.plugin` that allow to use pytest as regression manager for cocotb tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the :ref:`Pytest Plugin <pytest-support>` that enables using pytest as the regression manager for running cocotb tests.
```
